Hey Dylan,

Sorry for the delay here! I haven't had time to dedicate to this until now. 

I'm really stoked to have you on board for this! It's been a while since the meeting and I forgot what info you needed from me to get started. 

Here's what I have for you now:

Client Profile (Registering new clients)

    First Name/Last Name
    Nicknames (for people who like to change their names)
    Date of birth
    Contact information — Phone/Email
    Household Size — Single, Single parent, Couples, Family of 3/4/5/6 etc.)
        First Name/Last Name of all household members
        Date of birth of all household members
    Number of pets
    Dietary Considerations (i.e. allergies, religious dietary restrictions etc.)
    Date of first/last visit
    Resident or non-resident

I think that's pretty good to start with. That's for when we register new people. 

Then on a weekly basis when people show up we want to be able to select the service(s) they received (see programs/services below). 

Weekly Use

    Search clients by name or date of birth
    Select which services were accessed and when (maybe here it would be nice for the coordinator to have the option of selecting a recurrence for the service) 
    Select who from household came

Programs/Services

    Food Bank 
        Walk-In
        Online Orders
        Home Deliveries
    Harvest Home Meals
    Farmer's Market Nutrition Coupon Program

And then, the basic things we want to track on a weekly/monthly/annual basis...

Stats/Reports

    # of people who received each services
    # of seniors served
    # of children/families served

--

I can't think of anything else just now...

Let me know if you have enough to get started or if you have any questions. 
Can you let us know an approx. timeline for when we can expect to have a rough version to look at. 

Also also, if you haven't firmed anything up yet with Simone about an hourly/payment schedule, I'd probably suggest you do before getting started.

Let's touch base in a couple weeks and see where you're at?
Cheers,

-- 
Vanessa Sabourin
Volunteer Coordinator
Salt Spring Island Community Services
vsabourin@ssics.ca
